Explanation for SetLabel/Annotation prefixes (#2057)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/docs/FAQ/_index.md

Combining these two features allows you to pass information such as map data, gameplay metadata and more to a game
server binary at Allocation time, through Agones functionality.

> Do note, that if you wish to have either the labels or annotations that are set via `GameServerAllocation` to be 
> editable by the game server via the Agones SDK, the label key will need to be prefixed with `agones.dev/sdk-`. See

Reviewer: this doesnt read right in my head at least...

```suggestion
Do note, that if you wish to have either the labels or annotations set by `GameServerAllocation` to ensure these are editable by the game server from the Agones SDK, the label key will need to be prefixed with `agones.dev/sdk-`. See
```

Reviewer: Additional comment ... do we refer to gs as `gameservers` `game server` `Game Server`? I tend to refer to it as DGS dedicated game server :joy:

Author: I usually use `GameServer` when referring to the CRD, and game server when talking about the binary.

Author: Tweaked the wording a bit - I think I solved the awkward phrasing. Thanks!
